so once you get back
to new york about a week
there's an opening of the apartment
building where i'm working
not quite as exciting as where you've
been that sounds just fine
we'll use the next two days to get you
acclimated get the weekend off when you
come back to work on monday i think you
can handle that
i'll do my best sir
shall we begin
hey what's going on hey who are you i
promise our visit would be
as brief as humanly possible
inform me the building would be empty
it's nothing to worry about i'll handle
[Music]
it
what's a decorated soldier doing here as
a doorman
[Music]
they're here you have to be
it's
you should walk away now and if you
don't i will take you to hell
my voice
[Music]
you